okay let's talk about the oneplus 8t
this is a surprisingly difficult phone
to review for a couple of reasons number
one
the pricing for the 8t varies quite
drastically depending on where you pick
it up in the world right if you're in
asia you get certain pricing and in
north america
it's a little bit more expensive and
then number two the more important
reason
is that this phone doesn't just exist in
a vacuum
right the oneplus 8t has to sit
alongside a whole bunch of other
seven to eight hundred dollar
smartphones and right now in the end of
2020 we're seeing stuff like the s20 fe
the pixel 5 the iphone 12 the iphone 12
mini there's a lot of really good
competition to this phone
so it just took a little bit of time to
kind of wrap my head around this thing
all right let's start off with the good
stuff this phone is packed with super
fast hardware
from the screen to the storage to the 5g
connectivity if that matters to you
it's just got speed written all over it
this is classically
oneplus fast just like the oneplus 8 and
the oneplus 8 pro from earlier on this
year
now quick note about the colors of these
phones the original oneplus 8 and
oneplus 8 pro
the greenish hue on it was called
glacial green and it's kind of like a
matte
pearlescent finish the 8t has
similar kind of green color they call it
aquamarine green i believe but it's a
glossy finish and to me it doesn't look
as nice like i definitely prefer
the matte finish of the 8 and the 8 pro
from earlier this year but there is
a second color variant they call it
lunar silver which retains
that matte finish but this one has a
glossy
metal trim which doesn't really go as
well with that matte finish as the
original eights
but that's just picky aesthetic stuff
now there's other cool stuff on the 8t
that i really like
the flat edge on the display is
something i've always appreciated but
was missing from the 8
and the 8 pro it's nice to see it come
back there's also the presence of super
fast charging so this
supports 65 watt charging it's two
batteries that are filled up
simultaneously
and it uses a big boy charger 65 watt
charger
and well the whole charging system is a
little bit different now so
it's got usbc to usb c this is the first
time we've ever seen
double usbc ended stuff from oneplus and
it fills up crazy fast like you'd expect
from a 65w charger
it took me just over 40 minutes to fill
this thing up from zero to 100. it's
super fast and it's kind of neat to see
those numbers roll up so quickly i don't
know how
real they are like it could just be a
approximation that they've done in
software but
it is cool to look at and it doesn't get
much harder than regular 30 watt warp
charging
the battery life is also quite good i
got seven half hours pretty consistently
screen on time with
screen brightness at about three
quarters the speaker on the bottom
is quite a bit louder than the earpiece
speaker so again there's like that
stereo sound discrepancy
if that bothers you but the good stuff
is really good
on the oneplus 8t now i want to move
this conversation onto the deficiencies
or the shortcomings of this device
and to understand that we kind of have
to talk about pricing so when i did my
original review of the oneplus 8
this was a 700 phone and i said it was a
good phone a really good phone
but i felt like it was overpriced the 8t
is a little bit more expensive they made
some upgrades but
there's a couple deficiencies that still
remain on this device
number one there's still no wireless
charging and number two
the camera system is pretty mediocre now
if you look at the competitors so the
big ones would be like the s20 fe
the pixel 5 and i guess the two iphone
12s like the mini and the regular
all four of those have wireless charging
and all four of those have
significantly better camera systems than
what is offered
on the oneplus 8t the photos that come
off the main sensor
are pretty good they're kind of
oversaturated over processed
and the contrast is a little too high
but i think in general people will like
these photos
the ultrawide is where i feel like it
shows most of its weakness the shots are
heavily overprocessed
and you lose a lot of that detail from
that processing especially with night
shots
and the macro lens is also not
particularly good i don't think that the
camera system is poor
overall but it could be a lot better
especially at this kind of price point
you see my issue isn't with any of the
specific camera sensors
or the lack of wireless charging because
as poor as some of that stuff might be
it doesn't break the phone right my
issue is
with intent with what oneplus is
purposely doing right now
because of their three-phone lineup so
they have three phones they have the
oneplus nord which is their budget
option
the oneplus 8 or the 8t kind of like the
middle of the road and they have their
super expensive
or more expensive oneplus 8 pro and when
you have three phones with three
distinct
price categories it's very difficult to
load the correct feature set into the
phones so that they all remain
competitive and attractive to the
customers
the middle one is the one that is going
to get screwed the hardest
because oneplus is really good at that
budget stuff right the oneplus note is
super popular
it's a good loadout well configured well
priced
and the oneplus 8 pro with the best
camera system even though it's expensive
it's well reviewed
and respected because the camera system
is really good i'd go so fast to say
it's the
only good camera system oneplus has ever
put into their phones
the oneplus 8t it has to look
appropriately spec'd on the shelf it
like it can't be too good it can't be
too poor
but when you have something like the
oneplus nord and you have something like
the oneplus 8 pro
it is super hard to configure this thing
properly it is so hard to make this
phone
sit on the shelf alongside the other two
phones
and so we end up with is this weirdly
gimped phone that has
deficiencies in areas that don't need to
be deficient
they do not need to have this camera
system in here i'm sure that if they
spent like 20 bucks if the cost of this
phone could be
bumped up by 20 bucks they could have a
killer camera system in here they could
bump up the price by another five bucks
and have wireless charging in there
but they can't because if they did no
one would buy the eight pro
and went by the nine pro next year that
version of the at would be too good
be too well specced for 750 bucks but
this makes the real 80 a very difficult
phone to recommend
openly like there are certain people
that will find certain features on this
phone very useful right if you're
someone who needs that fast charging
plug it up for a few minutes get like 20
that's awesome
but for the vast majority of people i'd
recommend one of the other phones
or one of the older eights like eight
or the eight pro it's unfortunate right
this is oneplus
news phone and it should be an awesome
one and it is but because of the
competition because of its pricing
it is what it is okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you